Add note on ANTLR purpose (#232)
Qiskit/openqasm: source/grammar/index.rst

OpenQasm 3.0 Grammar specification based in ANTLR_ parser generator.

> The ANTLR grammar is intended to serve as the official reference grammar for OpenQASM3 and defines
> the set of syntactically valid statements in the language. ANTLR is used because it provides a
> human readable EBNF format which can evolve quickly. It further enables validation of the example
> files (see `openqasm/examples/`) via the built-in ANTLR parser. As an extension, it can be used
> to check whether a block of code is valid OpenQASM3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ANTLR grammar is intended to serve as the official reference grammar for OpenQASM3 and defines
the set of syntactically valid statements in the language. ANTLR is used because it provides a
human-readable EBNF format that is computer-validatable and is used to validate the example
files (see `openqasm/examples/`) using the generated ANTLR parser. As an extension, it can be used
to check whether a source file is parseable OpenQASM3 (note this does not ensure that the OpenQASM3 is semantically correct).
```

It should be noted, however, that the ANTLR grammar (and the associated parser) are not
intended to be used in production. The ANTLR parser does not attempt to be performant or construct
an AST. Furthermore, it does not conduct any semantic analysis.

> Thus, the ANTLR grammar should serve as a guide when developing compiler tooling for OpenQASM3, but
> should not itself be used as an OpenQASM parser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the ANTLR grammar should serve as a guide when developing compiler tooling for OpenQASM3, but it
is not recommended to be used as the basis for a production-grade OpenQASM parser.
```
